doc: MCUboot documentation update (#8528)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/mcuboot/readme-ncs.rst

Using MCUboot in nRF Connect SDK
################################

MCUboot can be used in the nRF Connect SDK in one of the following roles:

* As an `Immutable first-stage bootloader <https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/ug_bootloader.html#first-stage-immutable-bootloader>`_ that can perform device firmware updates to the application.

> * As an `Upgradable second-stage bootloader <https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/ug_bootloader.html#second-stage-upgradable-bootloader>`_ that can perform device firmware updates to both itself and the application.

Reviewer: I think these links can be added to a links.txt in the doc/mcuboot subfolder...

> * As an `Upgradable second-stage bootloader <https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/ug_bootloader.html#second-stage-upgradable-bootloader>`_ that can perform device firmware updates to both itself and the application.

Reviewer 2: hardcoding `latest` links isn't a good idea when not looking at `latest` rendered docs. But I guess there's no other real option unless we want to introduce circular dependencies (BAD) as with nrfxlib/nrf.

Author: implemented links.txt and shortcuts.txt

> The MCUboot-specific integration files for the nRF Connect SDK are located in the :file:`modules/mcuboot` subfolder in the ``sdk-nrf`` repository.

Reviewer: Link to the repository? Either same way as you linked to developer.nordicsemi.com above or using links.txt for the doc/mcuboot subfolder, if possible.

Author: linked

To include MCUboot in your nRF Connect SDK application, enable :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BOOTLOADER_MCUBOOT`.

> MCUboot will be configured as either the first-stage or the second-stage bootloader, when :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SECURE_BOOT`` is also enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SECURE_BOOT`` is also enabled, MCUboot is configured as either the first-stage or the second-stage bootloader.
```
And if neither is enabled? Line 6 suggests one of the options must be set, this line suggests setting either is optional...

Author: rephrased

> See the following userguides for more information on adding, configuring, and testing MCUboot for your application build in the nRF Connect SDK:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the following user guides for more information on adding, configuring, and testing MCUboot for your application build in the nRF Connect SDK:
```

Author: fixed

Using MCUboot in nRF Connect SDK
################################

MCUboot can be used in the |NCS| in one of the following roles:

* As an :ref:`Immutable first-stage bootloader <immutable_bootloader>` that can perform device firmware updates to the application.
* As an :ref:`Upgradable second-stage bootloader <upgradable_bootloader>` that can perform device firmware updates to both itself and the application.

> The MCUboot files in the |NCS| are located in the :file:`modules/mcuboot` subfolder in the `sdk-nrf`_ repository.

Reviewer 3: Should this be clarified a bit to say something like MCUboot-specific integration files for NCS are in this subfolder? The current form sounds a lot like MCUboot itself is located there, but it's a separate module.

Author: right, fixed

Using MCUboot in nRF Connect SDK
################################

The nRF Connect SDK includes MCUboot-specific integration files located in the :file:`modules/mcuboot` subfolder in the `sdk-nrf <https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf>`_ repository.

You can use MCUboot in the nRF Connect SDK in one of the following roles:

> * As an `Immutable first-stage bootloader <https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/ug_bootloader.html#first-stage-immutable-bootloader>`_ that can perform device firmware updates to the application, enabling :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BOOTLOADER_MCUBOOT`
> * As an `Upgradable second-stage bootloader <https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/ug_bootloader.html#second-stage-upgradable-bootloader>`_ that can perform device firmware updates to both itself and the application, enabling both :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BOOTLOADER_MCUBOOT` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SECURE_BOOT`.

Reviewer: Maybe, for your consideration:
```suggestion
* As an `Immutable first-stage bootloader <https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/ug_bootloader.html#first-stage-immutable-bootloader>`_ that can perform device firmware updates to the application. 
  Enable :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BOOTLOADER_MCUBOOT` to use it in this role.
* As an `Upgradable second-stage bootloader <https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/ug_bootloader.html#second-stage-upgradable-bootloader>`_ that can perform device firmware updates to both itself and the application. 
  Enable :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BOOTLOADER_MCUBOOT` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SECURE_BOOT` to use it in this role.
```

Author: fixed
